These birds possess two sets of feathers, with the external layer being harder and coated in an oil that lets them submerge in water. The inside layer is much fluffier which allows them stand below zero temperatures and gives the illusion of a bigger body. They kept the red peaks and legs of their northern cousins, although this color is less saturated on these species.

They are far more aggressive than native birds and have been known to destroy nests within their territory. The Jays have dominated the skies because of the lack of competition. Their strong claws can tear apart skin and cut bone with ease. They aren't birds of prey, but there are records of Sea Jays killing bigger animals that get close to their nests. These animals live in a strong hierarchy with older ones being at the top. It is common to see them scarred and scratched and usually lack an eye or have badly healed wounds. Only the strongest survive the dire conditions of the oceans and those who live to see an old age are usually highly intelligent and capable of survival.

The Sea Jays developed to live with humans and lost all fear to their presence. They steal what they can and have a varied diet of anthropomorphic foods. These birds don't hunt on their own and prefer to feed off human leftovers and dead animals. That is why they are often referred as the rats of the skies.

When they aren't on land, the Sea Jay often follows fishing [[Dirigible]]s. They wait until the nets are raised and dive to catch something. It is normal to see ships stormed by thousands of them. This is why the utilization of flame throwers has become a common practice among all types of fishermen. Flames and heat is the only thing that can control a large group of the birds. Still, some go into the flames to snatch a bite.

These creatures can eat anything, but have a strong preference in food. Sea Jays adore the taste of [[Vinrgues Whale]]s and usually accompany whaling [[Dirigible]]s on their hunt. The meat of the whale makes them crazy, entering a sort of frenzy state when they sense it. Sea Jays have developed a great sense of magneto perception so their instinct comes handy to find land. They also can sense the magnetic pulses that Vinrgues use to communicate and whalers often follow their flocks (called drownings), as they circle around the giant beasts.
``
They make good pets if trained from a young age but may attack randomly when hungry. Jay pets aren't as big or fierce than the ones in nature and lack the ability to communicate with them. They can, however, learn to recognize human speech and understand basic instructions. Of course, they decide to follow them or not (and most likely they won't.). These members of the corvidae family are highly inteligent and masters of recreating sounds. Jays can replicate human voices and accents. Eerily enough, they seem to enjoy the confusion it creates.